Rename A[a]tom -> P[p]ulsar (#1)
pulsar-edit/bracket-matcher: ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

<!--

> Have you read Atom's Code of Conduct? By filing an Issue, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect: https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you read Pulsar's Code of Conduct? By filing an Issue, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect: https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
```
